c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\le\NetduinoBlink.exe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\be\NetduinoBlink.exe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\le\NetduinoBlink.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\be\NetduinoBlink.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\NetduinoBlink.exe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\NetduinoBlink.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\le\NetduinoBlink.pe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\le\NetduinoBlink.pdbx
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\be\NetduinoBlink.pe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\be\NetduinoBlink.pdbx
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\bin\Release\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\NetduinoBlink.Resources.resources
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\NetduinoBlink.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\NetduinoBlink.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\be\NetduinoBlink.pe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\be\NetduinoBlink.pdbx
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\le\NetduinoBlink.pe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\le\NetduinoBlink.pdbx
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\NetduinoBlink.exe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NetduinoBlink\NetduinoBlink\obj\Release\NetduinoBlink.pdb
